in shabura Camp in central rafah civil
defense crew tried to find survivors
after an Israeli strike in the 10 City
Palestinians here are hoping there is
change after the court order because
there's nowhere safe to go for displaced
Palestinians at this makeshift Camp inah
decisions at the international court of
justice don't go far enough after 8
months of Israeli bombardment they want
decisive action to end their
suffering we want these decisions to be
implemented on the ground to stop the
war and not just to talk about ruer
they've committed genocide they've
committed massacres we want all the
Arabs to stand with us and for the world
to stand with us and stop the war they
shouldn't say one thing and do something
different everything here in Gaza was
completely destroyed so the decision
what the Palestinian need is immediately
stop War we don't need declaration we
need application on the peach
here while the UN Court delivered its
ruling there was Heavy Israeli bombing
in rafah many Palestinian remain
skeptical that the court order for
Israel to stop its assault on rafah will
have any
effect back at Aura Camp emergency
workers put out fires in this
residential area after an Israeli strike
they're searching homes and telling
people to leave as more bombs are
expected to
fall
alaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer